{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 1. Introduction\par
\par
\par
2. Getting Started\par
\par
\par
3. Version Control\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Git Basics\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Branching and Merging\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Branching Strategy:Trunk-Based Development:\par
Trunk-Based Development is based on the following principles:\par
\par
a. Mainline Branch: Our team maintains a single mainline branch ("main") as the central source of truth for the project.\par
\par
b. Continuous Integration: Developers integrate their changes into the mainline branch multiple times throughout the day.\par
\par
c. Short-Lived Feature Branches: Feature branches are created for developing new features or addressing specific issues. These branches have a short lifespan and are merged back into the mainline branch as soon as they are ready.\par
\par
d. Minimal Long-Lived Branches: Long-lived branches are discouraged to prevent divergence and minimize integration difficulties.\par
\par
Git Usage in Our Team:\par
Our team utilizes Git as the version control system to support Trunk-Based Development. Here's an overview of how we use Git:\par
\par
a. Mainline Branch:\par
The master branch serves as our mainline branch.\par
It always represents the latest stable version of the codebase.\par
\par
b. Feature Development:\par
For new feature development or bug fixes, developers create feature branches based on the master branch.\par
Feature branches have clear names and follow a consistent naming convention.\par
Developers work on their feature branches, making regular commits as they progress.\par
\par
c. Continuous Integration:\par
Developers frequently integrate their changes into the mainline branch by merging or rebasing their feature branches onto the latest master.\par
Continuous Integration (CI) pipelines are set up to automatically build, test, and validate the code changes before merging them into the mainline branch.\par
\par
d. Code Review:\par
Pull Requests (PRs) or Code Review processes are followed to ensure quality and maintain code standards.\par
Before merging a feature branch into the mainline, it must receive approval from at least one reviewer.\par
\par
e. Merging to Mainline:\par
Once a feature branch is reviewed and approved, it is merged into the mainline branch.\par
Merge commits are used to preserve the history and provide traceability.\par
\par
f. Release Process:\par
We follow a release branching strategy for preparing stable releases.\par
Release branches are created from the master branch, and specific release-related tasks are performed on these branches.\par
Once a release branch is ready, it is merged back into the master branch, and a new release is tagged.\par
\par
g. Conflict Resolution:\par
In case of conflicts during merging, developers work collaboratively to resolve them.\par
Regular communication and collaboration are encouraged to minimize conflicts and keep the mainline branch stable.\par
Conclusion:\par
Trunk-Based Development, supported by Git, enables our team to achieve frequent integration, maintain a stable mainline branch, and deliver features more efficiently. By utilizing short-lived feature branches, continuous integration, and collaborative code review, we enhance code quality, reduce integration risks, and streamline our development process.\par
4. Packages:\par
github.com/spf13/cobra: \par
The github.com/spf13/cobra package is a powerful library for building command-line applications in Go. It provides a simple and elegant way to define commands, flags, and arguments, making it easy to create robust CLI tools. This documentation will guide you through the initialization, usage, and notable features of the Cobra package in your project.\par
\par
Initialization\par
To initialize the Cobra package, you need to import the necessary packages and create a root command using the cobra.Command struct. Here's an example of how to initialize Cobra:\par
import (\par
\tab "github.com/spf13/cobra"\par
)\par
\par
var rootCmd = &cobra.Command\{\par
\tab Use:   "yourapp",\par
\tab Short: "A brief description of your application",\par
\tab Long:  "A longer description that spans multiple lines and likely contains examples and usage of using your application.",\par
\}\par
\par
In the above code, we create a root command with the cobra.Command struct. The Use field represents the command name, and the Short and Long fields provide brief and detailed descriptions of your application, respectively.\par
\par
Usage\par
Cobra allows you to define subcommands, flags, and arguments for your application. Here's an example of how to define a subcommand and a required flag:\par
var serveConfigPath string\par
\par
var serveCmd = &cobra.Command\{\par
\tab Use:   "serve",\par
\tab Short: "Start the server",\par
\tab Run: func(cmd *cobra.Command, args []string) \{\par
\tab\tab startServer()\par
\tab\},\par
\}\par
\par
func init() \{\par
\tab rootCmd.AddCommand(serveCmd)\par
\tab serveCmd.Flags().StringVarP(&serveConfigPath, "config", "c", "", "Path to the YAML configuration file (required)")\par
\tab serveCmd.MarkFlagRequired("config")\par
\}\par
In the above code, we define a subcommand named "serve" using the cobra.Command struct. The Run field specifies the function to be executed when the command is invoked. We also define a required flag named "config" using the StringVarP method, which binds the flag value to the serveConfigPath variable. The MarkFlagRequired method ensures that the flag is mandatory.\par
\par
You can define additional subcommands, flags, and arguments in a similar manner.\par
\par
Features\par
The Cobra package offers several features that make building command-line applications more convenient. Here are some notable features:\par
\par
Subcommands: Cobra allows you to define nested subcommands, providing a hierarchical structure to your CLI application.\par
Flags and Arguments: You can define flags and arguments for commands, allowing users to provide additional input to your application.\par
Command Help: Cobra automatically generates help information for commands, including usage, descriptions, flags, and arguments.\par
Command Aliases: You can define aliases for commands, allowing users to invoke commands using alternative names.\par
Persistent Flags and Commands: Cobra supports persistent flags and commands, which are inherited by all subcommands.\par
Command Execution Order: Cobra provides a flexible execution order for commands, allowing you to define pre-run and post-run functions.\par
Command Hooks: You can define hooks that are executed before or after a command or subcommand.\par
Command Validation: Cobra allows you to validate and sanitize user input, ensuring that the provided values meet the expected criteria.\par
\par
"github.com/spf13/viper":\par
The Viper package is used in the project to handle configuration settings. It allows us to read configuration values from various sources such as files, environment variables, and command-line flags. This documentation provides an overview of how to initialize and use the Viper package in our project.\par
\par
Initialization\par
To initialize the Viper package, we need to provide the configuration file path, name, and type. The Init function handles the initialization process. Here's an example of how to use it:\par
type Params struct \{\par
\tab FilePath string\par
\tab FileName string\par
\tab FileType string\par
\}\par
\par
func Init(param Params) (*Config, error) \{\par
\tab viper.SetConfigType(param.FileType)\par
\tab viper.AddConfigPath(param.FilePath)\par
\par
\tab err := viper.ReadInConfig()\par
\tab if err != nil \{\par
\tab\tab return nil, fmt.Errorf("failed to read file: %s", err)\par
\tab\}\par
\par
\tab // Configuration structure initialization...\par
\par
\tab return &Config\{\par
\tab\tab // Configuration field assignments...\par
\tab\}, nil\par
\}\par
\par
In the Params struct, we provide the FilePath, FileName, and FileType values to specify the location and type of your configuration file. The Init function sets up the Viper package by specifying the configuration type, adding the configuration path, and reading the configuration file using viper.ReadInConfig().\par
\par
Usage\par
Once the Viper package is initialized, we can access the configuration values using viper.GetString(key) or viper.GetInt(key) methods, where key is the configuration key we want to retrieve. Here's an example of accessing configuration values:\par
func Init(param Params) (*Config, error) \{\par
\tab // Viper initialization code...\par
\par
\tab redis := &Redis\{\par
\tab\tab Host:     viper.GetString("redis.host"),\par
\tab\tab Port:     viper.GetInt("redis.port"),\par
\tab\tab Password: viper.GetString("redis.password"),\par
\tab\}\par
\par
\tab // Other configuration value retrievals...\par
\par
\tab return &Config\{\par
\tab\tab Redis: *redis,\par
\tab\tab // Other configuration assignments...\par
\tab\}, nil\par
\}\par
\par
In the example above, the redis.host, redis.port, and redis.password values are retrieved using viper.GetString() and viper.GetInt() methods and assigned to the Redis struct fields.\par
\par
We can access other configuration values in a similar manner by specifying the respective keys.\par
\par
Features\par
The Viper package provides several features to enhance the configuration handling in our project. Here are some notable features:\par
\par
Configuration Sources: Viper supports reading configuration values from various sources, including files (JSON, YAML, TOML, etc.), environment variables, and command-line flags.\par
Automatic Environment Variable Binding: Viper can automatically bind configuration values to environment variables. By following a specific naming convention, we can override configuration values using environment variables.\par
Default Values: Viper allows you to set default values for configuration keys. If a configuration value is not found, Viper will fall back to the default value.\par
Watch and Hot-Reload: Viper provides the ability to watch configuration files for changes and automatically reload the configuration when modifications occur. This is useful for dynamically updating configuration settings during runtime.\par
Nested Configurations: Viper supports nested configurations, allowing you to organize our configuration values into hierarchical structures.\par
\par
golang-migrate/migrate/v4:\par
The github.com/golang-migrate/migrate/v4 package is a database migration tool written in Go. It provides a way to manage and apply database schema changes using migration files. This documentation will guide you through the initialization, usage, and notable features of the golang-migrate/migrate/v4 package in our project.\par
To install the golang-migrate/migrate/v4 package in your Go project, you can use the go get command. Here's how you can install it:\par
Open your terminal or command prompt.\par
\par
Run the following command to install the golang-migrate/migrate/v4 package:\par
go get -u github.com/golang-migrate/migrate/v4\par
This command fetches the package and its dependencies from the GitHub repository and installs them in your project's vendor directory.\par
Initialization\par
To initialize the golang-migrate/migrate/v4 package, you need to import the necessary packages and create a migration instance using the migrate.NewWithDatabaseInstance function. Here's an example of how to initialize the package with a MySQL database:\par
import (\par
\tab "github.com/golang-migrate/migrate/v4"\par
\tab _ "github.com/golang-migrate/migrate/v4/source/file"\par
)\par
Usage\par
The golang-migrate/migrate/v4 package provides methods for performing database migrations, including applying and rolling back migrations. Here's an example of how to use the package:\par
m, err := migrate.New("file:///path/to/migrations", "database://user:password@tcp(host:port)/dbname")\par
if err != nil \{\par
\tab panic(err)\par
\}\par
\par
err = m.Up()\par
if err != nil \{\par
\tab panic(err)\par
\}\par
In the above code, we create a new migration instance (m) by providing the migration file path and the database connection string. Then, we use the Up method to apply the migrations. If an error occurs during the migration process, it is handled by the panic statement.\par
\par
Similarly, you can use the Down method to roll back migrations:\par
err = m.Down()\par
if err != nil \{\par
\tab panic(err)\par
\}\par
The Down method rolls back the most recently applied migration.\par
\par
Features\par
The golang-migrate/migrate/v4 package offers several features to simplify database migration management. Here are some notable features:\par
\par
Migration Files: The package supports migration files that define the necessary SQL statements or Go code to modify the database schema. You can create migration files manually or use tools to generate them automatically.\par
Migration Operations: The package provides methods to apply migrations (Up), roll back migrations (Down), and check the current migration status (Version). You can use these methods to manage the database schema changes easily.\par
Multiple Database Drivers: The package supports multiple database drivers, allowing you to migrate different types of databases, including MySQL, PostgreSQL, SQLite, and more.\par
Version Control: The package tracks the applied migrations using a version table in the database. It ensures that each migration is applied only once and allows you to easily manage the migration history.\par
Programmatic API: The package provides a programmatic API that allows you to integrate migration functionality into your Go applications and workflows. You can use the API to perform migrations during application startup or as part of an automated deployment process.\par
\par
\par
"github.com/labstack/echo/v4":\par
\par
The github.com/labstack/echo/v4 package is a high-performance, extensible web framework for Go. It provides a fast and flexible HTTP server with a clean and elegant API. This documentation will guide you through the initialization, usage, and notable features of the Echo v4 package in your project, taking into account its dependencies.\par
\par
Initialization\par
To install the Echo v4 package in your Go project, you can use the go get command. Here's how you can install it:\par
\par
Open your terminal or command prompt.\par
\par
Run the following command to install the Echo v4 package:\par
go get github.com/labstack/echo/v4\par
This command fetches the package and its dependencies from the GitHub repository and installs them in your project's vendor directory.\par
To initialize the Echo v4 package, you need to import the necessary packages and create an instance of the echo.Echo struct. Here's an example of how to initialize Echo:\par
import (\par
\tab "github.com/labstack/echo/v4"\par
\tab "net/http"\par
)\par
\tab e := echo.New()\par
\par
In the above code, we import the necessary package and create a new instance of echo.Echo using the echo.New() function.\par
\par
Usage\par
The Echo v4 package provides a wide range of features for building web applications. Here are some common tasks and usage examples:\par
\par
Handling Routes\par
Echo v4 allows you to define routes and handle HTTP requests using various HTTP methods. Here's an example of handling a GET request on the /users route:\par
e.GET("/users", func(c echo.Context) error \{\par
\tab // Handle the request\par
\tab return c.String(http.StatusOK, "Hello, users!")\par
\})\par
In the above code, we define a GET route using e.GET(). The second argument is the handler function, which takes an echo.Context parameter representing the request and response context. Inside the handler function, you can process the request and return a response.\par
\par
Middleware\par
Echo v4 supports middleware, which allows you to perform additional processing on requests and responses. Middleware functions can be used for tasks such as authentication, logging, error handling, and more. Here's an example of adding a logger middleware:\par
e.Use(middleware.Logger())\par
\par
In the above code, we use the Use() method to add the logger middleware to the Echo instance. Middleware functions can be chained together using multiple Use() calls.\par
\par
Request and Response Handling\par
Echo v4 provides a rich set of features for handling request data and constructing responses. You can access query parameters, form data, and request headers, as well as set response headers and body content. Here's an example of accessing query parameters and returning a JSON response:\par
\par
e.GET("/user", func(c echo.Context) error \{\par
\tab name := c.QueryParam("name")\par
\tab age := c.QueryParam("age")\par
\par
\tab // Process the parameters and construct a response\par
\tab user := User\{Name: name, Age: age\}\par
\tab return c.JSON(http.StatusOK, user)\par
\})\par
In the above code, we access query parameters using c.QueryParam(). We process the parameters, create a User object, and return a JSON response using c.JSON().\par
\par
Features\par
Echo v4 offers a wide range of features and capabilities for building web applications. Here are some notable features:\par
\par
Routing: Echo provides a simple and intuitive routing system that allows you to define routes and handle different HTTP methods.\par
Middleware: Echo supports middleware functions, allowing you to add global or route-specific middleware for request/response processing.\par
Context: Echo's context (echo.Context) provides convenient methods for accessing request data, handling responses, and managing middleware.\par
Validation: Echo has built-in support for request payload validation using the echo.Validator interface and popular validation libraries such as go-playground/validator.\par
Error Handling: Echo provides features for handling errors, including custom error handling middleware and centralized error handling.\par
Static File Serving: Echo can serve static files such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and images from a specified directory.\par
github.com/go-playground/validator/v10:\par
\par
The github.com/go-playground/validator/v10 package is a powerful and flexible data validation library for Go. It provides a simple and declarative way to validate structs, fields, and individual values. This documentation will guide you through the initialization, usage, and notable features of the Validator v10 package in your project, taking into account its dependencies.\par
\par
Initialization\par
To install the validator v10 package in your project, you can use the go get command. Here's how you can install it:\par
Open your terminal or command prompt.\par
\par
Run the following command to install the validator v10 package:\par
go get github.com/go-playground/validator/v10\par
This command fetches the package and its dependencies from the GitHub repository and installs them in your project's vendor directory.\par
To initialize the Validator v10 package, you need to import the necessary package and create an instance of the validator.Validate struct. Here's an example of how to initialize Validator v10:\par
import (\par
\tab "github.com/go-playground/validator/v10"\par
)\par
\par
v := validator.New()\par
\par
In the above code, we import the necessary package and create a new instance of validator.Validate using the validator.New() function.\par
\par
Usage\par
The Validator v10 package provides various validation tags and functions to validate structs, fields, and individual values. Here are some common tasks and usage examples:\par
\par
Struct Validation\par
Struct validation allows you to validate the fields of a struct based on predefined rules. Here's an example of validating a User struct:\par
\par
type User struct \{\par
\tab Name  string `validate:"required"`\par
\tab Email string `validate:"required,email"`\par
\tab Age   int    `validate:"gte=0,lte=150"`\par
\}\par
\par
func validateUser(user User) error \{\par
\tab err := v.Struct(user)\par
\tab if err != nil \{\par
\tab\tab // Handle validation errors\par
\tab\tab return err\par
\tab\}\par
\par
\tab // Validation successful\par
\tab return nil\par
\}\par
In the above code, we define a User struct with validation tags. We use the v.Struct() function to validate the struct, and if there are any validation errors, we handle them accordingly.\par
\par
Field Validation\par
Field validation allows you to validate individual fields based on specific rules. Here's an example of validating a field using a custom validation function:\par
type User struct \{\par
\tab Password string `validate:"required,strongPassword"`\par
\}\par
\par
func strongPassword(fl validator.FieldLevel) bool \{\par
\tab password := fl.Field().String()\par
\par
\tab // Perform custom validation logic\par
\tab // Return true if valid, false otherwise\par
\}\par
\par
func validateUser(user User) error \{\par
\tab v.RegisterValidation("strongPassword", strongPassword)\par
\par
\tab err := v.Struct(user)\par
\tab if err != nil \{\par
\tab\tab // Handle validation errors\par
\tab\tab return err\par
\tab\}\par
\par
\tab // Validation successful\par
\tab return nil\par
\}\par
In the above code, we define a custom validation function strongPassword and register it with the validator using v.RegisterValidation(). We use the validate:"strongPassword" tag on the Password field to apply the custom validation.\par
\par
Value Validation\par
Value validation allows you to validate individual values outside the context of a struct. Here's an example of validating an email address:\par
\par
func validateEmail(email string) error \{\par
\tab err := v.Var(email, "required,email")\par
\tab if err != nil \{\par
\tab\tab // Handle validation errors\par
\tab\tab return err\par
\tab\}\par
\par
\tab // Validation successful\par
\tab return nil\par
\}\par
\par
In the above code, we use the v.Var() function to validate the email value based on the specified validation tags.\par
\par
Features\par
Validator v10 offers a wide range of features and capabilities for data validation. Here are some notable features:\par
\par
Struct Validation: Validator v10 allows you to define validation rules for entire structs, validating multiple fields at once.\par
Field Validation: You can apply validation rules to individual fields using tags or custom validation functions.\par
Tag-based Validation: Validator v10 provides a comprehensive set of built-in validation tags for common validation scenarios.\par
Custom Validation Functions: You can define custom validation functions to implement custom validation logic.\par
Value Validation: Validator v10 supports validating individual values outside the context of a struct.\par
Error Handling: The package provides error handling mechanisms to handle validation errors and retrieve error details.\par
Internationalization: Validator v10 supports custom error messages and field names in different languages for better user experience.\par
Struct Tags: Validator v10 leverages struct tags for defining validation rules, making it easy to specify rules directly in the struct definition.\par
\par
github.com/dgrijalva/jwt-go:\par
nstallation\par
To install the github.com/dgrijalva/jwt-go package, follow these steps:\par
\par
Open your terminal or command prompt.\par
\par
Navigate to your project's directory.\par
\par
Run the following command:\par
go get github.com/dgrijalva/jwt-go\par
\par
This command will download and install the package and its dependencies.\par
\par
Usage\par
The github.com/dgrijalva/jwt-go package provides functionality for working with JSON Web Tokens (JWT). JWT is a compact, URL-safe means of representing claims between two parties. Here's how you can use the package in your application:\par
\par
Import the package in your Go file:\par
import "github.com/dgrijalva/jwt-go"\par
Use the package's functions, types, and constants to work with JWTs.\par
\par
Features\par
The github.com/dgrijalva/jwt-go package offers the following features:\par
\par
JWT Creation and Signing:\par
\par
Generate new JWTs with custom claims using the jwt.NewWithClaims function.\par
Sign JWTs with a secret key using the jwt.SigningMethodHMAC or jwt.SigningMethodRSA methods.\par
JWT Parsing and Verification:\par
\par
Parse and validate JWTs using the jwt.Parse or jwt.ParseWithClaims functions.\par
Verify the JWT's signature, expiration, and other claims.\par
Custom Claims and Metadata:\par
\par
Create custom claim types by implementing the jwt.Claims interface.\par
Add custom claims to a JWT during creation.\par
Supported Signing Algorithms:\par
\par
HMAC algorithms: HMAC-SHA, HMAC-SHA256, HMAC-SHA384, HMAC-SHA512.\par
RSA algorithms: RS256, RS384, RS512.\par
ECDSA algorithms: ES256, ES384, ES512.\par
Token Validation and Expiration:\par
\par
Validate the JWT's signature integrity to ensure it hasn't been tampered with.\par
Verify the expiration time (exp) claim to enforce token expiration.\par
Token Refresh and Renewal:\par
\par
Generate new JWTs with extended expiration times to allow token refreshment.\par
Customization and Extensibility:\par
\par
Customize token signing and parsing behavior with options and callbacks.\par
Extend the package's functionality by implementing custom signing methods or token handling logic.\par
Well-documented API:\par
\par
The package provides comprehensive documentation and examples for each function and type.\par
\par

\pard\li1440\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
5. Database:\par
Database Design:\par
\par
The database design process involves analyzing requirements, creating a conceptual design, applying normalization techniques, and defining the logical and physical structures of the database.\par
The resulting design serves as a blueprint for implementing the data models.\par
Data Model Development:\par
\par
We utilize the GORM ORM framework to build data models that map to the database tables.\par
The following steps describe our approach:\par
a. Database Connection Initialization:\par
\par
The InitDB function initializes the database connection using the provided database configuration.\par
The GORM library is used to establish the connection to the MySQL database.\par
The function returns a GORM DB instance or an error if the connection fails.\par
b. Configuration Management:\par
\par
The Init function in the config package initializes the application configuration using the Viper library.\par
The configuration is read from a file specified by the Params argument.\par
The file format and path are set based on the provided parameters.\par
Configuration settings are retrieved using the Viper library's GetString, GetInt, and similar functions.\par
c. Data Model Definition:\par
\par
Data models are defined as Go structs using the GORM syntax or annotations.\par
The models represent the entities and attributes defined in the database design.\par
Relationships between models can be defined using associations, such as "belongs to," "has one," and "has many."\par
Models include field tags that specify database column names, data types, and constraints.\par
d. Validation and Business Logic:\par
\par
Data validation rules can be added to the data models using the GORM library or custom validation functions.\par
Validation rules ensure data integrity and enforce constraints on the input data.\par
Custom business logic can be implemented within the model methods to encapsulate complex data operations.\par
e. Custom Query Execution:\par
\par
To execute custom queries, we utilize the GORM ORM's raw SQL capabilities.\par
Raw SQL queries can be executed using the Exec or Raw methods of the GORM DB instance.\par
The SQL queries can include placeholders for dynamic values, which can be provided as arguments to the query execution functions.\par
Results of the query execution can be mapped to custom structs or retrieved using the GORM ORM's Scan or Find methods.\par
f. Migration:\par
\par
Database schema changes are managed using migration scripts.\par
Migration tools like golang-migrate can be used to version and apply database schema modifications.\par
Migration scripts allow for seamless updates to the database schema without data loss.\par
\par
\par
6. Security Considerations\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Authentication and Authorization\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Data Encryption\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Input Validation and Sanitization\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Network Security\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
7. Performance Optimization\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Network Requests Optimization\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Image Compression and Caching\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Code Splitting and Lazy Loading\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Memory Management\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
8. Troubleshooting\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Common Issues and Solutions\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}FAQs\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 9. Conclusion\par
\par
\par
10. Additional Resources\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 References\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}External Documentation\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
}
 